Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Angelo Sanchez: Hello.
Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Angelo Sanchez: I'm just
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, guess
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been happening.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm able to get those cards.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: They're nice and stuff worked out good.
Angelo Sanchez: I already have one of them.
Angelo Sanchez: perfectly done after you do the other one I messed up a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about him.
Angelo Sanchez: Most everything on and if not all of it.
Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where are they
Angelo Sanchez: They're in a safe.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, then should stay in a safe because there's libraries. Why would I bring them with you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The card.
Angelo Sanchez: Oh, well, it's, it's a good one, like how it said it was, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Was a class 10 and
Angelo Sanchez: The third version. They're both best 1030 versions and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They were both what
Angelo Sanchez: Class 10
Angelo Sanchez: Like different classes of them in class 10 is the best night ever class for in class six and stuff.
Haha
Angelo Sanchez: Questions are the best ones.
Angelo Sanchez: I mean, I have a class for like 32 gig one and it works pretty good.
Angelo Sanchez: I was gifted it
Uh huh.
Angelo Sanchez: I like an adapter and stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Those that can do an SD for it even works good library ones I got wrong field summit ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you have to give them back.
Angelo Sanchez: Know,
Angelo Sanchez: Everybody bought him.
Angelo Sanchez: And the little 32 you
Angelo Sanchez: Class for
Angelo Sanchez: My fear SD card as gifted it by my Mom's Mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell me what you're doing with them.
Angelo Sanchez: Just music and
Angelo Sanchez: With the Internet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is keeping you occupied
Angelo Sanchez: Keeps me pretty occupied
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. What else have you been doing
Angelo Sanchez: Um,
Angelo Sanchez: I've been feeling kind of down there. Honestly lately.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't know if you know, but I had like the second worst day of my life pretty recently.
Angelo Sanchez: Like last week and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why is that
No.
Angelo Sanchez: Like people that like
Angelo Sanchez: The person and so few and I was a minor
Angelo Sanchez: Why, I guess. Notice my mom and his store and wanted to walk up and apologize or something.
Angelo Sanchez: For I guess because that person knows they're in the wrong but
Angelo Sanchez: That's not going to be really like work or anything.
Angelo Sanchez: So taking legal action and stuff like that.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, I mean, even if, if not
Angelo Sanchez: Them getting sued and criminal charges will then I'm suing the lease or the law enforcement department that should have been taking care of it.
Angelo Sanchez: Major jurisdictions own
Angelo Sanchez: And then have sure I sue whoever. Yeah, I'm pretty annoyed.
Angelo Sanchez: We'll have to see what happens. But
Angelo Sanchez: There is a chance, like nothing is done after I sue whoever rivers, you know, I just
Angelo Sanchez: You know, go off and
Angelo Sanchez: You know, if it is that law enforcement doesn't want to do something and then they don't do something, then I'm gonna do something pretty much
Angelo Sanchez: Because that's pretty
Angelo Sanchez: Much where the point where as the spirit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you don't want to do that, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: There's enough to be some kind of like something
Angelo Sanchez: Like some shows just just or something, not
Angelo Sanchez: You know, that's just, you know, that's not even good
Angelo Sanchez: And I don't think are really just let it slide.
Angelo Sanchez: Like that and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: They the law enforcement, he said they're looking into getting me some type of justice.
Angelo Sanchez: So that pretty much means they're going to do it already.
Angelo Sanchez: I just need to get into more therapy.
Angelo Sanchez: And it'll
Angelo Sanchez: help my case lottery every my personal detective said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Working my case.
Angelo Sanchez: So I'm gonna have to start a vehicle savings is what I'm going to have to do again.
Angelo Sanchez: Because I'm not going to take out any credit cards anymore.
Angelo Sanchez: I mean, I'm all cash already and I'm out of debt. Well, my official debt now officially
Angelo Sanchez: And
Angelo Sanchez: I'm just gonna started savings for vehicle, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: There isn't too much more than I need, besides a new TV and to get my internet back on.
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe another ps4 game.
Angelo Sanchez: And then she started saving a lot of money and they buy it and like nice car cash nice SUV.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have you have goals you know you have things that you want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, reacting in a manner that takes you away from achieving your goals, you know, is counterproductive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, well I mean there's just gonna have to be some
Angelo Sanchez: Sort of just just heard over anyway is
Angelo Sanchez: already pretty sure they're looking into getting the justice. It's not a big deal.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I would hate to see you do something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, causes you any more harm than you've already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Been engaged to because of it. You know what I mean.
Angelo Sanchez: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Well, I mean, you know, they're gonna have to be the ones you get in trouble for it, you know.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I've already been suffering enough for a minute and
Angelo Sanchez: There you have to get in trouble for it now and search suffering and, you know, because I mean it's, it's, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Inquiry, they're going to say, seeing, they're going to be justice is
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I don't really see things the same way as most other people you know I get
Angelo Sanchez: That conviction on my record that's not going to slow me down and doing something somebody at all like or something that's just going to speed up the process with me.
Angelo Sanchez: Well, say, Screw it. I'll take a plea deal, you know, everyone else has to do whatever they want and it's cool. So
Angelo Sanchez: But thankfully not you know trying to, I don't think they even want to really get me like going like that.
Angelo Sanchez: Even maybe feel bad, or maybe a combination of reasons.
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe they feel bad and don't want to do any more paperwork on me and
Angelo Sanchez: Other reasons to and why they might not want to
Angelo Sanchez: That pretty much already learned not to not to get myself charges all damn
Angelo Sanchez: It took a while. I did get a lot of
Angelo Sanchez: altercations with people would bug me or whatever but
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna
Angelo Sanchez: Be able to get myself into trouble anymore. Now that I know the difference.
Angelo Sanchez: I think they're
Not
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just because you know plan to take forward and knowing what the consequences, you know, could possibly be in remember that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember that things can go wrong. And so when you play the tape forward in your head about a plea deal. You don't know what that's going to look like you don't even know if they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, whatever happens, it's like future tripping about a scenario that hasn't happened playing the future out in your head. You know what I mean, just if you just play it.
I mean,
Angelo Sanchez: I don't know if it's even after you come down to that the fetal or not, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: They kind of did something and it's too bad. If they wanted. They're already trying to start a life now for themselves because they have things that they, you know, having a finished doing with from the past and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: Like, honestly.
Angelo Sanchez: They should be the ones you get in trouble now. Like a pretty much that's what's been needing to happen.
Angelo Sanchez: You know there's been a
Angelo Sanchez: Lot past and then put into effect. The next day to were in New Mexico. If you're a minor you get till the age of 30
Angelo Sanchez: To come for us. If you've been molested or messed with is a minor
Angelo Sanchez: I just barely turned 28 like
Angelo Sanchez: Like four months ago.
Angelo Sanchez: So Nike is still like
Angelo Sanchez: Ongoing and stuff. So I think that benefits me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Quite a Bentley.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you handling it off.
Angelo Sanchez: Well, I'm glad I mean that's a good thing that it just happens to be a bill that gets passed also
Angelo Sanchez: As convenient me. Hi, I'm glad about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Yes, I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're just kind of hanging tough. Tell me about why you're feeling more sad than normal.
Angelo Sanchez: Well, I don't know. I'm just
Angelo Sanchez: Not even really wanting to relax. What I was thinking about like almost relaxing vendor. I know it outside of being able to do
Angelo Sanchez: That I want to relax. I mean,
Angelo Sanchez: You know,
Angelo Sanchez: I just don't wanna you know I don't want any
Angelo Sanchez: crystal methamphetamine drug or anything.
Good.
Angelo Sanchez: Steve scary of the thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Trying to get away from a
Angelo Sanchez: You know, a you also from using any kind of like Neil's there anything to say those are really dangerous to a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they are.
Angelo Sanchez: yields are really, really dangerous.
Mm hmm.
Angelo Sanchez: Some people just don't learn, but I don't want to use it. I already know how scary it is
Angelo Sanchez: Hearing about about infection or seeing what happens. You know,
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Screw that. That's like the worst case scenario with the hypodermic needle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad you have that mindset.
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Really do
Angelo Sanchez: Be scared of them.
Angelo Sanchez: As a really
Angelo Sanchez: really scared of them pretty much
Angelo Sanchez: I did order a new games you
Angelo Sanchez: And I ordered a theme for my
Angelo Sanchez: Hybrid
Angelo Sanchez: Creatures preamp stereo receiver to look up to my phone.
Have
Angelo Sanchez: And it works good. And it is the game to game. I'm going to need to have my Wi Fi on as hot spot on my phone, but for some reason the signals, all we
Angelo Sanchez: Used to work on my guess for to
Angelo Sanchez: But I hear it was unit and clean up to my little brother's smartphone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mean
Angelo Sanchez: You asked her hot spicy said, Sure, go ahead.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, and it seemed signals to eat for him to get on it with his smartphone also
Angelo Sanchez: That mean about just getting another game and a
Angelo Sanchez: 42 inch
Angelo Sanchez: TV from Walmart like 200 bucks. Brand new.
Angelo Sanchez: And then, uh, probably like a 20 $30 game with like free shipping off eBay or Amazon.
Angelo Sanchez: Then pretty much just going to start saving all their ass.
Angelo Sanchez: Led by some groceries and
Angelo Sanchez: You like whatever amount. I'm going to fit to that man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you sleeping.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Okay, good.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I've been sleeping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You look tired.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, might be kinda tired and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you tired or sad.
Angelo Sanchez: Um,
Angelo Sanchez: I guess kind of a little bit of both.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you identify what's this where the sadness is coming from.
Angelo Sanchez: Probably just having a vehicle and
Angelo Sanchez: being abused by people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is that hanging from your ceiling.
Angelo Sanchez: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What does that hanging from your ceiling.
Angelo Sanchez: Oh, that's like a fire detector smoke detector thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just have it unhooked
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, my friend actually went and looked at it. This is like beeping or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. It looks like there's a CD up hanging from your ceiling. That's what I was like what is that
Angelo Sanchez: Actually not a CD is like the back cover for smoke detector.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you've been doing to have you been getting out or any kind of exercise anything
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, girl, and the
Angelo Sanchez: Right way to go and get like some
Angelo Sanchez: Cigarettes or snaps shared ever. I'm gonna go eat out
Angelo Sanchez: Pretty much take my bike, you know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least you're getting out getting some exercise. You know what I mean. That will help with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feeling feeling sad.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah endorphins, you're good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're eating good drinking plenty of water.
Angelo Sanchez: They got some good groceries like yesterday.
Angelo Sanchez: I know brother treated to some nice
Angelo Sanchez: chocolate cream aids and then
Angelo Sanchez: As soon as he could get a couple Barbecue sauces for me.
Angelo Sanchez: Like regular kind for $1
Angelo Sanchez: And then I got another couple myself with
Angelo Sanchez: Some help from someone is visiting
Angelo Sanchez: My apartment, and he said, go ahead and get some groceries.
Angelo Sanchez: I supposed to get them some stuff to
Angelo Sanchez: The end up only being able to get them like coax off their list because my little brother is a
Angelo Sanchez: Waiting in his jeep, I guess.
Angelo Sanchez: And I kept going in and out of the store and you're supposed to wait in line and
Angelo Sanchez: Hold on, you gotta wait and I don't know my baskets, like right they're all full, you know, and
Angelo Sanchez: Just trying to make sure I'm ready to take off or something. I'll do
Angelo Sanchez: Is I wasn't told anything. You just wait wait wait it out in the car, you know, I thought at least been told is, you know, waiting the Carson thing.
Angelo Sanchez: I guess is kind of like a common sense thing, but I don't know.
Angelo Sanchez: I had more weird stuff happened and just that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why do you think he was going to take off with
Angelo Sanchez: Nothing. I thought I didn't know if I should go ahead and get the basket of groceries or not with DVDs, because I didn't want to. It was like snowing and stuff. Yesterday for like Easter every
Angelo Sanchez: Here in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Angelo Sanchez: Is so cold like
Angelo Sanchez: This morning, and like yesterday that like I'll get on my bike and like take 10 like petals and then my nose like her, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, cold it is and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: I mean this is more a part of like raw like Colorado Rocky Mountains and more than the desert. You know, there's like both.
Angelo Sanchez: Old
Angelo Sanchez: And then hot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think that's part that's playing into your sadness.
Angelo Sanchez: I really like the New Mexico weather all the time. Sometimes it could be real nice.
Angelo Sanchez: Like
Angelo Sanchez: You know they have like the Chicago Bulls like indices Windy City. I think it's kinda windy here if any cities windy.
Angelo Sanchez: Supposedly, we have the mountains and it shouldn't really get that windy ever, you know,
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: You're
Angelo Sanchez: Like tornadoes can't really happen here in st form like right in the middle, you know,
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Like all the mountains around here.
Angelo Sanchez: serenaded the Great Plains, you're probably worse.
Angelo Sanchez: Like wind and so
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you gonna do with the rest of your day.
Angelo Sanchez: Well,
Angelo Sanchez: Um, there's maybe a little bit. I could do with my music right now.
Angelo Sanchez: Like looking into certain
Angelo Sanchez: Music and stuff.
Do
Angelo Sanchez: You do that. It's been a little while I've been keeping tabs on it.
Angelo Sanchez: So there's not really too many new updates or anything. I need to look
Into
Angelo Sanchez: Probably that much. I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Probably wanted to ride my bike reducing kind of like
Angelo Sanchez: riding my bike to the river, something like find a good spot next to the water and
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe hanging out or over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it sunny there today.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, it's not snowing today. It's like getting nice and so your angel answered yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, so that would be something good and productive to be able to do to get out. Enjoy a little bit of sun, go to the water.
Yeah, you know what I mean.
Angelo Sanchez: Least make it to the water. If I don't have any other stuff to do besides going to just see the water right. My wife is still fine with me. I'll probably get endorphins and stuff.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: might feel a little bit better, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the whole goal.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I guess, things are so bad now that I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Not so bad at all. It's like a whole nother is to get really good thing. Now, a lot
Angelo Sanchez: And then if I could, like, make a goal to where
Angelo Sanchez: It's like real this is pretty realistic. I could save like
Angelo Sanchez: I would say like maybe at
Angelo Sanchez: Least 250 bucks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: per vehicle. Hmm.
Angelo Sanchez: Now, China to
Angelo Sanchez: Think about more like along the lines of saving like 500 bucks a month per vehicle.
Angelo Sanchez: And then I'm
Angelo Sanchez: only like four months. If you get a real nice when you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Angelo Sanchez: Like 2000 bucks.
Angelo Sanchez: romances isn't really that long. It's only like
Angelo Sanchez: So like 100 days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's not that long.
Angelo Sanchez: Ago in 20 days and I can just do that.
Angelo Sanchez: And then
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I think I'm gonna think about
Angelo Sanchez: I'm going to start my vehicle savings. The only thing I have to worry about is the installation fee. There's like 80 or 100 bucks or whatever. For My XFINITY Wi Fi.
Angelo Sanchez: But I got real good deal to where it's like, instead of like 60 bucks a month it's 30 bucks a month.
Angelo Sanchez: Uh huh. And now only pay like 12 or 13 bucks for all the equipment, a month.
Angelo Sanchez: In came with like the slot right here is from there, but it can take a universal or vote.
Angelo Sanchez: Like when you touch it. It lights up and stuff.
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: So that's another cool piece of equipment.
Angelo Sanchez: So I'm gonna
Angelo Sanchez: Have my screen maybe do some more downloads and stuff with the a speed.
Angelo Sanchez: Xfinity Wi Fi internet
Angelo Sanchez: It does, doesn't real quick. You know,
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: It's the best one in the world. So
Angelo Sanchez: Every time to have some good internet. It's for me, it's probably now like my shirt. He paid again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Get will be like 205 or 250 bucks or whatever.
Angelo Sanchez: Or beyond caught up, I think.
Angelo Sanchez: The next month is my last
Angelo Sanchez: Day to catch up, you know, and paid off and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: But
Angelo Sanchez: Now just in time, I'm going to be able to pay it back and then get that PlayStation four game special edition.
Angelo Sanchez: Version brand new on eBay or Amazon. The deaths.
Angelo Sanchez: And
Angelo Sanchez: Just my cable or my Wi Fi.
Angelo Sanchez: The game and then
Angelo Sanchez: My TV and then that'll be all the stuff Ariel you need, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, then I guess now that I've had a dad is Sam, can you be hard for me to get vehicle again.
Angelo Sanchez: That's the cool thing about it.
Angelo Sanchez: I'll probably get a better vehicle and less like two vehicles. They got, you know, that same kind
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In
Angelo Sanchez: The probably be the same kind of display. That's one of all so far.
Angelo Sanchez: At least miles and all that.
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe a newer one a little bit
Angelo Sanchez: That's just because like
Angelo Sanchez: And it'll definitely be a four by four one. Sure.
Angelo Sanchez: Less like a really nice like rear wheel drive one comes along.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Just the Toyota grand
Angelo Sanchez: I'm interested free motion. It's a foreigner, so
Angelo Sanchez: That going for a four by four.
Angelo Sanchez: I've had like both kinds already
Angelo Sanchez: Four by four for enter just your wheel drive for honor
Angelo Sanchez: I remember will drive one was official vehicle and is
Angelo Sanchez: The best vehicle I've ever had.
Like
Angelo Sanchez: It came like was like not even a drop of oil on the engineer anything
Angelo Sanchez: And there's one of those ones with the engines that might go 400,000 miles.
Angelo Sanchez: There's like rumored to be the best students, you never faded or whatever.
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I Toyota
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, try out a foreigner engine like as a certain way left, she know there's different ones when I was asked a question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Angelo Sanchez: Here real drag. One
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, that was cool. Beautiful.
Angelo Sanchez: ever figured a vehicle so better and I go to my therapies, real easy person.
Angelo Sanchez: To help my case a lot, you know,
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: And then that's probably where I need to do I need to get a vehicle. Anyway, no matter what.
Angelo Sanchez: It's been like two inches. I went out a vehicle.
Angelo Sanchez: Is a dead. As in, you know,
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Thankfully, it's all over with on they even sent me the letter from my old bank, seeing that my credit card has been paid zero
Angelo Sanchez: I can't like it's entirely closed account card and everything.
Angelo Sanchez: Else. It's all the way closed down. And there's no way I can spend anything off of it. And there's no way it can collect interest. So it's paid off.
Angelo Sanchez: My credit, it's even like getting really, really good. Again, you know, excellent addition thing.
Angelo Sanchez: That I'm hearing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it takes a couple of months after you pay off your debt before it reflects on your earliest a month before it reflects on your credit
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, when they retire decent so
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: We want to work on my credit. Shoo, shoo more
Angelo Sanchez: And once last slide to my credit debt situation would be the predatory cash loan. I took out
Angelo Sanchez: But from what I hear, like the
Angelo Sanchez: Person that I got in touch with with legal aid got me in touch with my legal defense person.
Angelo Sanchez: They're all like both of those people are all the way on my side and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: They think that the predatory learn places like the owners of them are real like low lives and stuff like
Angelo Sanchez: That like
Angelo Sanchez: And like a bad ish word they both like put it as
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: So sounds like they're my legal defense versions are you talking about like the calendar suing
Angelo Sanchez: You mentioned something about that already.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm just waiting for him to like send me the letter to take me to court. We both said don't even pay him another set, you know, they're the ones who already screwed up because I already told him the truth and stuff that
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, he told him I was on social security and they still gave me that type of a learn and you know it's on them, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, so
Angelo Sanchez: That's good. You know, it's just you have to be at least made fair. I'm going to be one suing them, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, possibly mentioned
Angelo Sanchez: So either way it's gonna help out. And then once that's done probably get my credit back up to like an 812 like
Angelo Sanchez: Credit Score, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: I bet there before and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are good goals.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well I'm gonna let you go and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope you do get out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And enjoy some sun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Angelo Sanchez: Where to go and get my prescriptions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've already informed the doctor that you made it to your appointment. This morning so
Angelo Sanchez: Or yeah yeah I he sent me a text saying that my prescription got like discounted or something. It's already at two cents like
Angelo Sanchez: Suboxone strips to that's like, way more
Angelo Sanchez: Reasonable than anything, not the bad thing. Neither are also
You see,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a real good thing. So you got good good stuff going on in your life you know
Angelo Sanchez: Change the recovery lightness ships all the time.
Angelo Sanchez: We just asked for it or whatever. Find it some more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you in group on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to get some sun and some rest.
Angelo Sanchez: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Cool. It was good to see you. Thanks for talking with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime every week at this time. Don't forget
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, great.
Um,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah definitely 11 my time and then yeah. Dr. All women's groups therapies are like 130 I think
Angelo Sanchez: Yes. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, very much. Think I've learned it now. Pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think you have you've been up front and been here half hour before our scheduled appointment I see you're waiting. You're doing a great job, Angela. Just remember that. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Thanks.
Angelo Sanchez: Thank you. Thank you.
Angelo Sanchez: Thank
You, yes.
Angelo Sanchez: Sir, my favorite kind of trees and sea lions your favorite animals and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: Beaches like my favorite place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Good. I'm glad I chose it. All right. Well, I will see you Friday and group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay. You have a great couple days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. Thanks. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.